Add sphinx extensions examples gallery (#1175)
vprusso/toqito: examples/README.txt

> Examples

Reviewer: Should this be `README.md` instead of `README.txt`?

Author: sphinx gallery supports either txt or rst only.

========

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you add a note to this page that this section is currently WIP?

We won't be adding anything to this until after GSoC kicks off. 

https://sublime-and-sphinx-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes_warnings.html

Author: done

Examples
========

> .. warning::
>    This is Work in Progress. More examples will be added in future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. warning::
   This page is currently a Work in Progress. Example tutorials will be added in the future.
```

> This gallery contains examples demonstrating the features and capabilities of toqito.
> Examples are organized by topic and showcase how to use the package for various quantum
> information tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
